Keyword `contentMediaType` (#156)
Intelligence-AI/learnjsonschema.com: content/2020-12/content/contentMediaType.markdown

-----------

This keyword produces the content media type as the annotation value.

## Explanation

The `contentMediaType` keyword in JSON Schema specifies the MIME type of the contents of a string. It is used to annotate the type of media contained within a string. It should be noted that:

* This keyword is purely an annotation and does not directly affect validation.
* It describes the media type of the binary string after it has been decoded as specified in `contentEncoding`.

> * Using `contentMediaType` without `contentEncoding` may lead to ambiguity or errors.

Reviewer: Maybe just say that it is recommended to set `contentEncoding` if `contentMediaType` is declared?

* The value assigned to `contentMediaType` must be a valid IANA media type as described in [RFC 2046](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2046.html).

> * It is recommended to use officially registered IANA media types to ensure interoperability and compatibility.

Reviewer: Isn't this the same as the point right above?

Author: Yes, removed it!

* The list of all registered IANA media types can be found at [here](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml).

## Examples

{{<schema `Schema with 'contentMediaType' and 'contentEncoding' keyword`>}}
{
  "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
  "contentEncoding": "base64",
  "contentMediaType": "application/json"
}
{{</schema>}}

{{<instance-pass `An instance with a properly stringified JSON document encoded in base64 is valid`>}}
"eyAibmFtZSI6ICJKb2huIERvZSIgfQ=="    // --> { "name": "John Doe" }
{{</instance-pass>}}

> {{<instance-pass `A validly-encoded invalid JSON document is also valid`>}}

Reviewer: "validly-encoded" reads weird. Maybe say "An encoded value that represents invalid JSON data is still valid"?

"eyAibmFtZSI6IH0="    // --> { "name": }
{{</instance-pass>}}

> {{<instance-pass `An instance with non string value is ignored`>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<instance-pass `A non-string instance is ignored`>}}
```
